chore: Migrate cemanager to coderd (#93)
cdr/enterprise-helm: templates/NOTES.txt

{{- end }}

{{- if .Values.dashboard }}

> Warning: The `dashboard` service has been deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Warning: The `dashboard` service is deprecated since Coder v1.20, and will be removed in v1.21.
```

Not sure why the removal comment was changed, that seems useful?

{{- if eq .Values.ingress.useDefault false }}
  All `dashboard` traffic can be routed to `cemanager`.
{{- end }}

>   Dashboard is now served from `cemanager`. Delete `dashboard` in values.yaml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `cemanager` serves the dashboard; delete `dashboard` in values.yaml.
```

{{ end }}

{{- if .Values.envproxy }}

> Warning: The `envproxy` service has been deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Warning: The `envproxy` service is deprecated since Coder v1.20, and will be removed in v1.21.
```

{{- if eq .Values.ingress.useDefault false }}

>   Coder now supports end-to-end encryption. To migrate, expose port 5349 to `cemanager`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Coder now supports end-to-end encryption. To migrate, forward TCP 5349 traffic to `cemanager`.
```

{{- else }}
  Envproxy is now served from `cemanager`. Delete `envproxy` in values.yaml.
{{- end}}
{{ end }}

{{- if .Values.podSecurityPolicyName }}

> Warning: `podSecurityPolicyName` is deprecated. It will be removed in v1.21 (July 21st, 2021).

Reviewer: In general, deprecations should come with a suggestion for what to do to migrate, we shouldn't remove things unless there is an alternative?

```suggestion
Warning: `podSecurityPolicyName` is deprecated since Coder v1.20 and will be removed in v1.21.
```
